com/booking/certificacion/interactions/SwitchTo.java
 com.booking.certificacion.interactions.SwitchTo
com/booking/certificacion/tasks/EnterReservationData.java
 com.booking.certificacion.tasks.EnterReservationData
com/booking/certificacion/questions/ValidateMessage.java
 com.booking.certificacion.questions.ValidateMessage
com/booking/certificacion/utils/Conversions.java
 com.booking.certificacion.utils.Conversions
com/booking/certificacion/utils/Resources.java
 com.booking.certificacion.utils.Resources
com/booking/certificacion/models/ReservationData.java
 com.booking.certificacion.models.ReservationData
com/booking/certificacion/tasks/NavigateTo.java
 com.booking.certificacion.tasks.NavigateTo
com/booking/certificacion/models/AttractionData.java
 com.booking.certificacion.models.AttractionData
com/booking/certificacion/userinterfaces/HomePage.java
 com.booking.certificacion.userinterfaces.HomePage
com/booking/certificacion/userinterfaces/AttractionDetailsPage.java
 com.booking.certificacion.userinterfaces.AttractionDetailsPage
com/booking/certificacion/tasks/SearchDestiny.java
 com.booking.certificacion.tasks.SearchDestiny
com/booking/certificacion/tasks/RegisterUser.java
 com.booking.certificacion.tasks.RegisterUser
com/booking/certificacion/userinterfaces/AttractionsPage.java
 com.booking.certificacion.userinterfaces.AttractionsPage
com/booking/certificacion/userinterfaces/BookPage.java
 com.booking.certificacion.userinterfaces.BookPage
com/booking/certificacion/tasks/ReserveAttraction.java
 com.booking.certificacion.tasks.ReserveAttraction
com/booking/certificacion/questions/ValidatePriceList.java
 com.booking.certificacion.questions.ValidatePriceList
com/booking/certificacion/userinterfaces/RegisterPage.java
 com.booking.certificacion.userinterfaces.RegisterPage
com/booking/certificacion/interactions/SelectAdultAndKid.java
 com.booking.certificacion.interactions.SelectAdultAndKid
com/booking/certificacion/utils/CompareList.java
 com.booking.certificacion.utils.CompareList
com/booking/certificacion/tasks/BookHotel.java
 com.booking.certificacion.tasks.BookHotel
com/booking/certificacion/tasks/SelectPriceFilter.java
 com.booking.certificacion.tasks.SelectPriceFilter
com/booking/certificacion/questions/ValidateTheNumberOfStars.java
 com.booking.certificacion.questions.ValidateTheNumberOfStars
com/booking/certificacion/tasks/SelectStarsFilter.java
 com.booking.certificacion.tasks.SelectStarsFilter
com/booking/certificacion/userinterfaces/ResultSearchDestinationPage.java
 com.booking.certificacion.userinterfaces.ResultSearchDestinationPage
